README.md, before:

Democracy in America
====================

This script will generate poems from the various texts authored by Alexis de Toqueville (downloaded from Project Gutenberg).

Setup
-----

First run the script to build your corpus.

```bash
$ ./bin/build_corpus.sh
```

You will be prompted to choose whether to include three different texts:

 * _Correspondence & Conversations of Alexis de Tocqueville with Nassau William Senior_
 * _Democracy in America_ Vol 1
 * _Democracy in America_ Vol 2

(Currently the poems in the `txt` directory were generated exclusively from _Correspondence & Conversations_)

Usage
-----

Now run the parser script and you will be prompted for a search term:

Example using the search term "democracy":

```bash
$ ./bin/democracy_in_america.sh
democracy
lift you into aristocracy
i think that it
so irresistible a reaction
i see no symptom
rather strengthen our democracy
out which leads to
naturally not partial to
his asiatic democracy but
universal suffrage i detest
```

Or, to export to a file:

```bash
$ echo "democracy" | ./bin/democracy_in_america.sh > txt/democracy.txt
```

See more examples on the `txt` directory, each text file is named based on the corresponding string search.

Commit message:

Remove unnecessary variable in generator, include shell command in readme

README.md, after:

Democracy in America
====================

This script will generate poems from the various texts authored by Alexis de Toqueville (downloaded from Project Gutenberg). It uses the following shell command to generate the poems:

```bash
cat < src/corpus.txt | grep -e $SEARCH | cut -d ' ' -f 2-5 | tr A-Z a-z | tr -d "',._\""
```

Setup
-----

First run the script to build your corpus.

```bash
$ ./bin/build_corpus.sh
```

You will be prompted to choose whether to include three different texts:

 * _Correspondence & Conversations of Alexis de Tocqueville with Nassau William Senior_
 * _Democracy in America_ Vol 1
 * _Democracy in America_ Vol 2

(Currently the poems in the `txt` directory were generated exclusively from _Correspondence & Conversations_)

Usage
-----

Now run the parser script and you will be prompted for a search term:

Example using the search term "democracy":

```bash
$ ./bin/democracy_in_america.sh
democracy
lift you into aristocracy
i think that it
so irresistible a reaction
i see no symptom
rather strengthen our democracy
out which leads to
naturally not partial to
his asiatic democracy but
universal suffrage i detest
```

Or, to export to a file:

```bash
$ echo "democracy" | ./bin/democracy_in_america.sh > txt/democracy.txt
```

See more examples on the `txt` directory, each text file is named based on the corresponding string search.
